Add JWT configuration for single node setups (#56)
ls1intum/artemis-ansible-collection: roles/artemis/README.md

proxy_ssl_certificate_path:  #FIXME
proxy_ssl_certificate_key_path: #FIXME

artemis_jhipster_jwt: #FIXME

```

> The JWT Token can be generated with: `openssl rand -base64 64`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT secret can be generated with: `openssl rand -base64 64 | tr -d '\n'`.
```
Optional: would automatically remove the newline in the output.
